c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Mvapi.dll.config
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Mvapi.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Mvapi.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\obj\Debug\Mvapi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\obj\Debug\Mvapi.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\obj\Debug\Mvapi.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.ServiceRuntime.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\WindowsAzureTelemetryEvents.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\WindowsAzureEventSource.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Mvapi.dll.config
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Mvapi.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Mvapi.pdb
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.ServiceRuntime.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\WindowsAzureTelemetryEvents.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\WindowsAzureEventSource.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.xml
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\obj\Debug\Mvapi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\obj\Debug\Mvapi.dll
C:\Users\superadmin\Desktop\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\obj\Debug\Mvapi.pdb
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Mvapi.dll.config
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Mvapi.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Mvapi.pdb
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.ServiceRuntime.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.xml
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\obj\Debug\Mvapi.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\obj\Debug\Mvapi.pdb
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\log4net.dll
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\log4net.xml
C:\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\obj\Debug\Mvapi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Mvapi.dll.config
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Mvapi.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Mvapi.pdb
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\log4net.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.ServiceRuntime.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\log4net.xml
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.xml
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\obj\Debug\Mvapi.dll
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\obj\Debug\Mvapi.pdb
C:\development\Mvapi\Mvapi\Mvapi\obj\Debug\Mvapi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\obj\Debug\Mvapi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\obj\Debug\Mvapi.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\obj\Debug\Mvapi.pdb
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\Mvapi.dll.config
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\Mvapi.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\Mvapi.pdb
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\log4net.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.ServiceRuntime.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\WindowsAzureTelemetryEvents.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\WindowsAzureEventSource.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\log4net.xml
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.xml
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\MediaValetApPIGit\MediaValetAppsApis\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Mvapi.dll.config
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Mvapi.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Mvapi.pdb
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\log4net.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.ServiceRuntime.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Spatial.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\WindowsAzureTelemetryEvents.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\WindowsAzureEventSource.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\log4net.xml
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.xml
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Spatial.xml
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\obj\Debug\Mvapi.dll
D:\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\obj\Debug\Mvapi.pdb
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Mvapi.dll.config
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Mvapi.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Mvapi.pdb
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\log4net.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.ServiceRuntime.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Spatial.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\WindowsAzureTelemetryEvents.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\WindowsAzureEventSource.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\log4net.xml
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.xml
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Spatial.xml
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\obj\Debug\Mvapi.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\obj\Debug\Mvapi.pdb
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\Microsoft.CSharp.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Configuration.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Data.DataSetExtensions.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Data.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Drawing.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.EnterpriseServices.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.ApplicationServices.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.DynamicData.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Entity.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Extensions.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Web.Services.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Xml.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\bin\System.Xml.Linq.dll
D:\MVCode\MVCode\Mvapi\Mvapi\obj\Debug\Mvapi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
